README.md, before:

# Capstone
# Capstone
This is the feature branch
project:
<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

<!--   <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/> -->

<!--   <h3><b>Microverse README Template</b></h3> -->

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Capstone <a name="about-project"></a>

Capstone project, portfolio for my CV

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li>CSS</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>N/A</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>N/A</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- This is a stable version

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://glitcher255.github.io/capstone-project/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need: any functional browser.

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
cd my-folder git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git

### Install

Install this project with 

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:
open your live server

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

N/A

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:
N/A
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Khaled**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/glitcher255)

👤 **Jose**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/jmonto55)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Bug fixes**
- [ ] **Hopefully the next version will pass the code review**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please share it with your contacts.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


I would like to thank Microverse team for the information provided.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

- **Can I download and use the project?**

  - Yes, the project is open source, you can download and use it as you wish.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Original design credit and video added

README.md, after:

# Capstone
# Capstone
This is the feature branch
project:
<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

<!--   <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/> -->

<!--   <h3><b>Microverse README Template</b></h3> -->

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Capstone <a name="about-project"></a>

Capstone project, portfolio for my CV

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li>CSS</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>N/A</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>N/A</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- This is a stable version

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://glitcher255.github.io/capstone-project/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need: any functional browser.

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
cd my-folder git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git

### Install

Install this project with 

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:
open your live server

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

N/A

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:
N/A
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Khaled**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/glitcher255)

👤 **Nelson**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/jmonto55)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Bug fixes**
- [ ] **Hopefully the next version will pass the code review**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Original design idea by Cindy Shin in Behance.

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please share it with your contacts.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


I would like to thank Microverse team for the information provided.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

- **Can I download and use the project?**

  - Yes, the project is open source, you can download and use it as you wish.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
